Update README to add description of "date calculation" functionality (#365)
Microsoft/calculator: README.md

- Standard Calculator functionality which offers basic operations and evaluates commands immediately as they are entered.
- Scientific Calculator functionality which offers expanded operations and evaluates commands using order of operations.
- Programmer Calculator functionality which offers common mathematical operations for developers including conversion between common bases.

> - Date Calculation functionality which offers the difference between two dates given as input and adding/subtracting years, months and/or days to the input date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Date Calculation functionality which offers the difference between two dates, as well as the ability to add/subtract years, months and/or days to/from a given input date.
```
